All right, we're at Crypto Talks and
Blockchain Walks, the seated edition,
and we're here with Humpty. Um, Humpty's
pretty cool. We had lunch yesterday. So,
let's just start with why Humpty and
what are you doing here?
>> Uh, well, I'm here because I heard that
ETH Boulder was going to be something
new with people that I've known for a
very long time that are doing really
cool stuff in crypto that are trying to
make a positive impact in the world. So,
that's the first reason why I showed up
to support those people.
>> Do you feel like we were talking earlier
before we hit the record and that
there's something different here
>> and I asked you if you thought that
we're getting what you thought you were
going to get. It's a little bit chaotic.
>> It's a little bit pieced together, but
it also feels like there's a connective
tissue.
>> Yeah.
>> So, what was what was your expectation
coming into this event and how has it
lived up to that? So, as we were
talking, I said I was expecting chaos.
Uh, but I was expecting the chaos to be
intentional, but also the people that
were here were going to be the folks who
were going to have a part in finding
some sense in that chaos. And we're all
going to pull on threads that are going
to make this something special in the
future. And I think the number of people
that have showed up that were here
yesterday being Friday, today, Saturday,
I just feel like it's all high quality
people that care um and that also
believe that like crypto could do
better.
>> Yeah. Um you're not based out of the
Colorado blockchain Denver region. What
are you doing in LA? what's like your
blockchain mission, where you're at, and
how are you bringing that here?
>> Uh, well, in LA, I host several meetups.
So, I bring the community together
around different topics and interests,
but always trying to help people
understand how crypto and even
decentralized social can help them
create a community and for creators
specifically monetize their content
through. And so you're here with what? N
you're with Nouns here, right?
>> I'm here uh with onchain creators, but
nouns has been a big part of the work
that we've done since last year and
we're telling the story of E Boulder
through the lens of Nouns.
>> Cool, cool, cool. Um are you going to E
Denver?
>> I am. All right. Um what are you excited
about from E Denver that you think you
got out of the way here? And and I'll
preface this question. Why I said it
like that? I thought that coming to ETH
Boulder, we would be able to have these
more one-on-one deeper connections and
ETH Denver is going to offer the
breadth. So, that's what I'm excited
about with E Boulder is getting that
depth out of out of the way. I hate to
say it like that, but that's what
excites me about E Denver. I don't have
to like struggle to have that now. So,
what's something that you've been
fulfilled with here that's going to open
you up for Eat Denver? I would even say
that it's not even about getting it out
of the way. I feel like it's the best
way to start this trip is in a
meaningful way with people like I said
that really care about making the space
better and help crypto uh create a
better system uh you know around the
world. Um, in terms of like what I'm
looking forward to at East Denver, I'm
actually not quite sure too if it's
going to be as large as it's been in the
past. So, I would be looking forward to
like a much larger group of people that
I can interact with. I do always find a
way to like bring down the people that I
talk to into like a much smaller group
so I can have those meaningful
conversations. Um, but yeah, I don't
even know if that's going to be possible
in Denver. I think it's going to be
smaller than what we expect.
>> Right. Right. Right. Are you like
bringing anything back to your community
in LA from this or are you still in the
moment enjoying everything and not even
thinking about what's next?
>> Yeah. I mean, I think that what I'm
taking back is that storytelling is such
a big piece of where we're going next
with crypto.
>> Yeah. I think the large institutions in
crypto have realized that their
storytelling techniques suck and it
hasn't really done enough to change the
minds of the masses. So creators who are
who I speak to are super talented
individuals who can work craft and tell
a story in a way that connects, you
know, at a very personal level. And so
if anything, I'm going back and saying
there is a huge demand for creators to
step in and start to kind of weave these
stories and l and that this lore that
can actually connect crypto to you know
the masses but again in a very focused
way because every creator speaks to a
different audience and I think that's
super special and important.
>> Totally. Totally. Um what what are we
doing here in this room right now?
>> What's about to happen? What's about to
happen? Uh, we're about to see Mittens,
uh, Chain Breaker, I think that was its
name, and Danny Devito go at it. These
are some robots. They're going to, I
think, do some mixed martial arts style
stuff. Wild.
>> Are you going to be gambling on them?
>> Uh, I don't even know. There's a
whiteboard. Again, this is a weird thing
to do in crypto where we have like an
agent in our Telegram chats, prediction
markets that we can spin up really
quickly, and we're using a whiteboard.
So, I think I'm gambling. I'm not quite
sure how that's going to look like,
though.
>> Humpty's got a really interesting
background and a really interesting
connection of providing
um power, empowerment to the individual
creator. but you've also spent a lot of
time in like bigger also nonblockchain
realms. So, if anybody's watching this
and wants to learn more about who you
are, what you're doing, what's the best
way that they can find you?
>> You know, I'm trying to grow my
Instagram because I've uh spent a lot of
time uh talking on on X Twitter. So, on
on that platform, I'm Humpty0X. But on
Instagram again, I think it's a more
visual format and the type of people
that I'm trying to uh connect with and
participate in this ecosystem that they
were growing together are all those
platforms. So find me on Instagram at
Humpty0X. There you go. Thanks for your
time, man. Cool, man. Appreciate it.
Cheers. is ready to be bet